Post-Critique Corrections

What I spent most of my time on was a solution for my fixed nav, as well as the light, ghosted text in the background. Beyond that,
I made my copy smaller, the main image crisper (removed opacity), and put a drop shadow on the h1 over the image so it was easier to
read. As far as font sizes go, I played around a lot with vw units. I haven't formally studied them yet, but I feel like they make
sense for mobile since they're different sizes of mobile devices. I might be off base, but I feel like it's working for now.

Navigation:

Robert, I know you moved my nav button down to the bottom corner to get it off the image, mostly because it was so large. Other students
addressed the fixed icon as well. Mostly how it was big, distracting, and an image itself. What I did, was take the image out, replace
it with fontawesome bars, and styled it different. I made it orange, and while it still lays over the image, when you scroll down,
you'll notice that a fixed nav bar comes out from underneath, that menu icon then sits on top of the page. I put a Donate button on the same
bar because I thought that was an excellent suggestion from Brigit. In the end I decided to keep it on the top, but I'm hoping my
style changes make it less distracting/conflicting with the main content. Let me know what you think, though.


Ghost text:

So I put that text that says "Education, Conservation, Preservation" in the background because it's the 3 key terms in
the organizations original logo, and I wanted to keep that on the site at all times, which is why I used fixed positioning. This text was
brought up by multiple students and I think the broad consensus was that something wasn't working. It was conflicting with the main copy,
it was mistaken for a separate menu, and like you said, you never got to see all the terms at the same time. So what I did was in
addition to reducing its opacity a bit more, and I spaced out the main copy sections some more, despite that one point of feedback was that
the paragraphs were spaced too much to begin with. I'm admittedly a bit on the fence on how much space there is, but it does let
you see the ghost text better, which I want to keep. The sections of copy are now liberally spaced apart, which is kind of cool in
that they become really pronounced since they each occupy a screen alone, but again, let me know what you think.


What I chose not to act upon:

-Stacy's suggestions of going back to the black background of the original site. Don't get me wrong, I agree that black can create more
drama and mystery,but I feel like black backgrounds on devices are most effective for low to no-light situations, like if you were reading
it in the dark. Eventually, I want to learn how to JavaScript in this kind of option, but that's a ways off. I've barely got a handle on
menus that toggle on and off.

-Stacy's suggestion of not using orange. It's something I didn't get around to playing with, but I do think there are a lot of colors
that could work better. It's something that I think in real life I would work closely with the client on. For now, I chose to keep
the orange, especially for CTAs because they really pop from the rest of the content. I think Dan said it well, as this is something
I didn't realize it at the time I first styled them, but they work well for the "distracted user".

-Brigit's suggestion to reduce the space between the sections of copy. I actually had to space them apart more so that the fixed ghost
text was less of a conflict. Also, perhaps with more space, it looks more intentional, and less of an oversight. 


Robert, to answer your questions about whether or not I justified the text right to make room for the hamburger menu, I did. Well,
I aligned it to the right, but it wasn't to make room for the menu. It was mostly just a style choice. Or rather, I thought it would
look cool. But you're right in how I can see peoples' eyes being drawn to the ampersand first. I took that justification off, and
along with my other changes to the title, I'm hoping it's more readbale. Also, I noticed your screen shot didn't have my chosen fonts.
I know I included fall back fonts, but I was wondering if you had seen my intended ones.
